cv/index.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Curriculum Vitae
---


[Education](#education)  
[Research and Work](#research-and-work)  
[Leadership, Outreach, and Teaching](#leadership-outreach-and-teaching)  
[Publications](#publications)  

---

## Education

### Cornell University

Physics PhD candidate (expected 2019)  
Superconducting RF Accelerator Physics  
Supervisor: Prof. Matthias Liepe  
Honors and Accolades: Douglas Fitchen Memorial Award (2016, 2017)

### Northeastern University

BS Physics, Honors, 2014  
Honors and Accolades: National Merit Scholarship, Lawrence Co-op Fellowship (2013), Presidential Global Scholarship (2013), Lawrence Award for Undergraduate Scholastic Excellence (x4, annual), Dean's list (x10, semesterly), Hodgkinson Award (2014), Huntington 100 (2014)


---


## Research and Work

### Graduate Research Assistant

2014-present

Superconducting RF Accelerator Group  
Cornell University (CLASSE)  
Supervisor: Matthias Liepe  

### Ruby on Rails Consultant

2011-2014

Muckypaw LLC  
Cambridge, MA


### Lawrence Coop Fellow

2013

Department of Physics  
Northeastern University (based at CERN)  
Supervisor: Darien Wood

### Research Assistant

2011-2013

The Wall Lab  
Harvard Medical School  
Supervisor: Dennis Wall

### IGERT Associate

2010-2011

IGERT Nanomedicine Program  
Northeastern University  
Supervisor: Sri Sridhar


---


## Leadership, Outreach, and Teaching

### Student Liason

2016-present

The Center For Bright Beams  
Cornell University  

### Graduate Mentor for REU Students

2015, 2016

Superconducting RF Accelerator Group  
Cornell University (CLASSE)  


### Teaching Assistant / Laboratory Teaching Assistant

2016

Department of Physics  
Cornell University  

### Tutor/Mentor

2009-2014


MathPOWER  
Boston, MA


---


## Publications

<div id="publicationButtons">
  <div id="authorButtons" class="switch">
    <input type="radio" class="switch-input" name="firstAuthor" value="allPublications" id="allPublications" checked>
    <label for="allPublications" class="switch-label switch-label-on">all publications</label>
    <input type="radio" class="switch-input" name="firstAuthor" value="firstAuthor" id="firstAuthor">
    <label for="firstAuthor" class="switch-label switch-label-off">first author only</label>
  </div>
  <div id="typeButtons" class="switch">
    <input type="radio" class="switch-input" name="pubType" value="allTypes" id="allTypes" checked>
    <label for="allTypes" class="switch-label switch-label-on">all types</label>
    <input type="radio" class="switch-input" name="pubType" value="peerReviewed" id="peerReviewed">
    <label for="peerReviewed" class="switch-label switch-label-off">peer-reviewed</label>
    <input type="radio" class="switch-input" name="pubType" value="proceedings" id="proceedings">
    <label for="proceedings" class="switch-label switch-label-off">proceedings</label>
    <input type="radio" class="switch-input" name="pubType" value="talks" id="talks">
    <label for="talks" class="switch-label switch-label-off">talks</label>
  </div>
</div>

<div id="publicationList"> </div>
<script src="/cv/cv.js"> </script>

Commit message:

added outreach event
fixed a few typography errors and added LINAC prize

cv/index.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Curriculum Vitae
---


[Education](#education)  
[Research and Work](#research-and-work)  
[Leadership, Outreach, and Teaching](#leadership-outreach-and-teaching)  
[Publications](#publications)  

---

## Education

### Cornell University

Physics Ph.D. candidate (expected 2019)  
Superconducting RF Accelerator Physics  
Supervisor: Prof. Matthias Liepe  
Honors and Accolades: Douglas Fitchen Memorial Award (2016, 2017), LINAC2018 Student Poster Prize (2<sup>nd</sup> place 2018)

### Northeastern University

B.S. Physics, Honors, 2014  
Honors and Accolades: National Merit Scholarship, Lawrence Co-op Fellowship (2013), Presidential Global Scholarship (2013), Lawrence Award for Undergraduate Scholastic Excellence (x4, annual), Dean's list (x10, semesterly), Hodgkinson Award (2014), Huntington 100 (2014)


---


## Research and Work

### Graduate Research Assistant

2014-present

Superconducting RF Accelerator Group  
Cornell University (CLASSE)  
Supervisor: Matthias Liepe  

### Ruby on Rails Consultant

2011-2014

Muckypaw LLC  
Cambridge, MA


### Lawrence Coop Fellow

2013

Department of Physics  
Northeastern University (based at CERN)  
Supervisor: Darien Wood

### Research Assistant

2011-2013

The Wall Lab  
Harvard Medical School  
Supervisor: Dennis Wall

### IGERT Associate

2010-2011

IGERT Nanomedicine Program  
Northeastern University  
Supervisor: Sri Sridhar


---


## Leadership, Outreach, and Teaching

### Outreach Laboratory Assistant

2017, 2018

Xraise / The Center for Bright Beams  
Cornell University (CLASSE)  
["CLASSE is Upward Bound"](https://www.classe.cornell.edu/NewsAndEvents/UpwardBoundSep18.html)

### Student Liason

2016-2018

The Center for Bright Beams  
Cornell University  

### Graduate Mentor for REU Students

2015-2018

Superconducting RF Accelerator Group  
Cornell University (CLASSE)  


### Teaching Assistant / Laboratory Teaching Assistant

2016

Department of Physics  
Cornell University  

### Tutor/Mentor

2009-2014


MathPOWER  
Boston, MA


---


## Publications

<div id="publicationButtons">
  <div id="authorButtons" class="switch">
    <input type="radio" class="switch-input" name="firstAuthor" value="allPublications" id="allPublications" checked>
    <label for="allPublications" class="switch-label switch-label-on">all publications</label>
    <input type="radio" class="switch-input" name="firstAuthor" value="firstAuthor" id="firstAuthor">
    <label for="firstAuthor" class="switch-label switch-label-off">first author only</label>
  </div>
  <div id="typeButtons" class="switch">
    <input type="radio" class="switch-input" name="pubType" value="allTypes" id="allTypes" checked>
    <label for="allTypes" class="switch-label switch-label-on">all types</label>
    <input type="radio" class="switch-input" name="pubType" value="peerReviewed" id="peerReviewed">
    <label for="peerReviewed" class="switch-label switch-label-off">peer-reviewed</label>
    <input type="radio" class="switch-input" name="pubType" value="proceedings" id="proceedings">
    <label for="proceedings" class="switch-label switch-label-off">proceedings</label>
    <input type="radio" class="switch-input" name="pubType" value="talks" id="talks">
    <label for="talks" class="switch-label switch-label-off">talks</label>
  </div>
</div>

<div id="publicationList"> </div>
<script src="/cv/cv.js"> </script>
